readme.md, before:

## Vacation Scheduler ##

Enables adding heirarchically ranked people with heirarchically declared preferences to a calendar which accommodates two each day.

### Under development ###

![linux screenshot](https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5619/31419172675_7461712305_z_d.jpg)  
Pic hosted by [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/18099895@N06/31419172675)

&copy; Nicholas Prado, released under [Fair License](http://fairlicense.org) terms.

#### Dev journal ####

1. [Nov 12](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1M8W_rfNogY)
2. [Nov 15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3nVW4sR1Is)
3. [Nov 18](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sdSxnHRNQg)
4. [Nov 19](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8NBkWir75U)
5. [Nov 25](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZuCQBeLya4)
6. [Nov 27](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcNjlLJDuMA)
7. [Dec 04](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CTC7qBoN6s)
8. [Dec 04](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuTKxT-F14o)
9. [Dec 07,10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YB4ZZxUHfbQ)
10.[Dec 11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsY3JXbEPns)

Commit message:

actual explanation of usage
contemporary picture. fixed markdown for numeric list. slightly disappointed I didn't video record today, but I'm away from home.

readme.md, after:

## Vacation Scheduler ##

Enables adding heirarchically ranked people with heirarchically declared preferences to a calendar which accommodates several each day.

![windows screenshot](https://farm1.staticflickr.com/700/31952736465_ea8a2dbdeb_z_d.jpg)  
Pic hosted by [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/18099895@N06/31952736465)

&copy; Nicholas Prado, released under [Fair License](http://fairlicense.org) terms.

### Usage ###

Activate the jar by double clicking or launching with java. Choose a year and a month. Put the person's name (short preferable), hiso'er seniority, and hiso'er level of choice for the next action. Ensure the radio buttons of add/delete match your current intent. Click a day to apply that action. Doing so may rearrange everyone if a level can('t) be satisfied thereafter.

Navigate around the year by choosing months from the drop down or with the earlier/later buttons. Save will write the entered information as a binary file called people.ser (the ui too). Restore will try to hoist that data back into the calendar.

#### Dev journal ####

1. [Nov 12](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1M8W_rfNogY)
2. [Nov 15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3nVW4sR1Is)
3. [Nov 18](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sdSxnHRNQg)
4. [Nov 19](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8NBkWir75U)
5. [Nov 25](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZuCQBeLya4)
6. [Nov 27](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcNjlLJDuMA)
7. [Dec 04](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CTC7qBoN6s)
8. [Dec 04](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuTKxT-F14o)
9. [Dec 07,10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YB4ZZxUHfbQ)
10. [Dec 11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsY3JXbEPns)
